An ancient rock is discovered by a group of 9 explorers that contains a language in it. the exploeres had no means of translating it but the meere attempt of making sense of its symbols changed the explorers. this language is a language within all languages--which means different tongues and dialects can potentially speak the same language without changing any of their speech, connected by the underlying language itself--autotranslating like mind reading but with spirit. This language reveals truth, intent, and the dormant loving contents of the heart that correlate to what the bible calls the Fruit of the Spirit, each one being anemphasis or accent: Love; joy; peace; longsuffering; gentleness; goodness; faith; meekness; and temperance. 8 of the explorers experienced this positive change, seeing their whole life's history through the lense of their respective accent--each, being from 8 of 9 neighboring lands that have tention but their ruuts exhibit a sense of these dormant accents, just not enough to overshadow the other attributes (works of the flesh) that are more dominant in the respective cultures. this interaction with this rock has another side effect, which the remaining one of the 9 explorers experiences. It can reveal the dormant loving attribute but with some hardened hearts, it will reveal the other attributes as well (adultry, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like). each nation has roughly, two of these-- one dominant, and one recessive, both that hinder the growth of the loving attibute that nation is most closely related to-- as their dominant culture, though on the surface, many of them are pretty pleasant (except to one of the nations they have conflict with--there are permutations of conflict, aly, and neutral amongst them). The one out of the 9, just like them who saw the history of their lives through the lense of the loving attribute, he saw his through the other and realized he wanted to take this rock for his own power to take advantage of nations through division via language. So he captured the other explorers so they couldn't spread the loving language, and broke the rock so that he could use it in a manipulative way without the full context of what it says. one of them escaped and before he got caught, he stashed a rock shard in a passing vehicle and that rock traveled far and wide over decades to the doorstep of our protagonist in a package with the wrong address on it. international delivery services have been shut down, and travel stalled/complicated by the antagonist who is in a high position of power in one of the nations. all though his position is not in authority of all the nations, his political moves have influenced them to all shut down normal operations due to tensions. The antagonist is looking for, both, the escapee, and the rock shard to continue pushing his agenda. If he can control everyone through strife and coax the proclivities their cultures promote, he can use that control to take power of them all, while hiding the truth this rock has. our protagonist is on a mission to return this package to its rightful owner of the package delivery address. the last ferry to deliver packages to a neighboring nation is about to leave so he boards just to drop off the package but it departs before he gets off. once it docks, at its layover nation, it is no longer permitted to travel. so the character must get off with the package and go home. but the port back home is closed. therefore, the only way back home is through a series of the rest of the nations, traveling through the only available methods (due to permutations of aly, tenssion, and neutral) to get home. realizing that he will pass the packages nation on the way, he decides he may as well deliver it-- leading him on a collision course with the antagonist. upon delivering it (halfway through the game) its intercepted, opened and revealed by the antagonist. the protagonist experiences what the other 8 did and now wants to spred the truth having to escape the antagonist. but because the tensions and betrayals have escalated, the path home as shifted among nations once again, and it's going to be a long way back. going back through the previous nations reveals poorer conditions than when he traversed there the first time, and ruuts are much less friendly. but as he spreads the truth through the language (which doesn't only have to come via the rock, but also from one who speaks the language), one by one, they begin to speak the language. some reject it like the antagonist making the road a bit harder than the first time. Some ruuts he encounters decide to help him on the journey, and on the way home, as the protagonists starts to shift the nations, the antagonist must put a stop to it. so he uses his power to suppress the protagonis, and finally, face off at the end, in the protagonists home town. there are moe details that may need to align to make this congruent with the genre but this is my frist draft.
